# finalproject2019

## drawing on the web final project

Final project: [BLOOM] – inspired by the quote “grow what you go through”

When you first introduced the final project, one of the first thoughts that popped into my mind was that I wanted to create something that embodies and is an artistic and visual wrap up of my time at NYU. As a senior, this is my last semester and one that has been filled with a lot of reflection on my past memories, my current ones, and what the future holds in store for me. I’m a very nostalgic and sentimental person and I want this project to be a reflective piece that represent my emotional journey throughout NYU.

The three drawings will represent the start, middle, and end of my time at NYU and capture the feelings that I was going through at each stage. I want the viewer to be able to see each drawing and “feel” a certain feeling. In the first drawing, I want to capture the excitement of attending college across the country and living in NYC and finally being an “adult”, but also the homesickness and culture shock that I experienced as a Californian suddenly relocating to the east coast. In the second drawing, I want to capture the isolation, anxiety, and many identity crises that I had as I asked myself what I’m doing here, if I chose the right major, if I’m making the right friends, if I’m on the right personal, academic, and professional paths, and more. In the last drawing (which mainly represents my senior year), I want to capture the feelings of acceptance and integration. I want to capture the exuberant feeling and the love I have for NY now as my second home, as well as the nostalgia I constantly feel as I reflect on my time here and how much I’ll miss this city, and all the lessons I’ve learned and people I’ve met here.

As for how I’m going to practically flesh out this idea, I want to combine my love of photography, nature (specifically flowers), and music. Each page will depict a flower in a stage of blooming (by the last drawing, it will be in full bloom). In each drawing, the parts of the flower will be interactive – once the user clicks on a petal/piece, a photo/video/text/etc captured from my time in NYU (which will all be my original photographs) will pop up. After you’ve clicked on every piece, the page should be filled with memories, collage/scrapbook style. In each drawing, I will also have one of my favorite songs playing in the background that I think best captures the “feelings” I want to embody. I will mainly be using Html and CSS, audio/media techniques, JavaScript animation, and maybe some 3D/WebGL methods.
